Add binary scanner license to docs (#1595)
OpenLiberty/ci.maven: docs/generate-features.md

#### generate-features
---

> **This goal modifies the source configuration directory of your application.** This goal has a runtime dependency on IBM WebSphere Application Server Migration Toolkit for Application Binaries, which is separately licensed under ILAN. Link to license: https://public.dhe.ibm.com/ibmdl/export/pub/software/websphere/wasdev/license/wamt

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**This goal modifies the source configuration directory of your application.** This goal has a runtime dependency on IBM WebSphere Application Server Migration Toolkit for Application Binaries, which is separately licensed under  IBM License Agreement for Non-Warranted Programs. See license [here](https://public.dhe.ibm.com/ibmdl/export/pub/software/websphere/wasdev/license/wamt).
```

> **This goal will modify the source configuration directory of your application.** This goal has a runtime dependency on IBM WebSphere Application Server Migration Toolkit for Application Binaries, which is separately licensed under ILAN. Link to license: https://public.dhe.ibm.com/ibmdl/export/pub/software/websphere/wasdev/license/wamt/en.html

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**This goal modifies the source configuration directory of your application.** This goal has a runtime dependency on IBM WebSphere Application Server Migration Toolkit for Application Binaries, which is separately licensed under ILAN. Link to license: https://public.dhe.ibm.com/ibmdl/export/pub/software/websphere/wasdev/license/wamt/en.html
```
